Update IfcCovering.md to describe non-deprecated relationships` (#882)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/shared/IfcSharedBldgElements/Entities/IfcCovering.md

> NOTE A more basic information about claddings, floorings, and ceilings of a space can be attached to _IfcSpace_'s using the _Pset_SpaceCommon_ properties. Then only a name can be provided and the covering quantities would be interpreted from the space quantities.

> To relate a covering (e.g. cladding) to its "covered element" (e.g. wall), use the the _IfcRelAggregates_ relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coverings can be assigned to
```

> To relate a covering to a space (e.g. this room has carpet), use the _IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure_ relationship. This may typically be used in facility management usecases and room data sheets, such as when creating room finishes schedules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a space represented by _IfcSpace_ using the inverse relationship _ReferencedInStructures_ pointing to _IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure_.  The space is then accessible via _IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure.RelatingStructure_.

> EXAMPLE This relationship (e.g. this room has carpet) may typically be used in facility management usecases and room data sheets, such as when creating room finishes schedules.

- a space boundary represented by _IfcRelSpaceBoundary_ using the inverse relationship _ProvidesBoundaries_ pointing to _IfcRelSpaceBoundary._ The space is then accessible via _IfcRelSpaceBoundary.RelatingSpace_. 
- a built element represented by _IfcBuiltElement_ using the inverse relationship _Decomposes_ pointing to _IfcRelAggregates_. The built element is then accessible via _IfcRelAggregates.RelatingObject_.

> EXAMPLE _IfcRelAggregates_ would be used to relate a covering (e.g. cladding) to its "covered element" (e.g. wall).
```
